
The Figure 2 represents the wiring diagram, where excitatory and inhibitory impulses are transmitted to memristive elements Xj, where j=1..n+m. When the accumulated voltage on the memristive elements exceeds the threshold, the one short multivibrator on the operational amplifier OA1 provides a single short pulse, which duration is determined by T1 = C2×R2×ln(1 +R3/R4). Signals from “Out” and OA1 output are transmitted to integrators on op-amps OA2 and OA3, which set the impulse descending edge of the training function. The pulse-rise time constant of the integrating circuit is      t = R5 × C3 = R6 × C4. Output signals from integrators are transmitted to the inverting adder on op-amp OA4. The output signal (the turned upside down “bell”) is applied to inhibitory “Inh” memristive elements. The monostable multivibrator on the op-amp OA5 is triggered by a positive pulse of the signal Out. The pulse duration is determined by the circuit elements via: T2 = C6 × R11 × ln(1 + R12/R13) and equals T1. Output positive pulse is applied to the key KV1 (implemented via a relay), that controls a state of not inverting input of the controlled inverter of op-amp OA6. We used the electromechanical relay instead of transistor key for descriptive reasons. When the non-inverting input of the operational amplifier on op-amp OA6 is shorted to the ground, the operational amplifier works as an inverter; otherwise, it acts as a normal amplifier of the signal from inverting adder op-amp OA4. From the output of op-amp OA6 the signal is transmitted to excitatory memristive elements Exi, where i=1..n. 
