#spinal_cord
#locomotion 
#Rybak

## Modelling genetic reorganization in the mouse spinal cord affecting left–right coordination during locomotion

1. rhythm-generating flexor centres

## State- and Condition-Dependent Modulation of the Hindlimb Locomotor Pattern in Intact and Spinal Cats Across Speeds

Moreover, placing the forelimbs on a stationary platform or suspending them in the air also changes the biomechanics; for example, by shifting more weight on the hindlimbs and elevating the angle of the trunk relative to the horizontal. In turn, these biomechanical changes influence the neural control. 
Despite these neuromechanical differences, the pattern of hindlimb locomotion in spinal animals is almost always compared with intact quadrupedal locomotion. There are several differences between the hindlimb locomotor pattern obtained in the intact quadrupedal and spinal hindlimb-only states. For example, at a given speed, the cycle duration is shorter after spinalization, attributable primarily to a decrease in the support phase (in cats: Bélanger et al., 1996; de Leon et al., 1998; Frigon and Rossignol, 2008, in rats: Alluin et al., 2015).

Are these differences due to the state of the system (intact versus spinal) or because the forelimbs do not participate in locomotion, which affects both the neural control and the biomechanics. There was one previous study that compared hindlimb EMG activity during quadrupedal and hindlimb-only locomotion in intact cats and during hindlimb-only locomotion after spinal transection at a single moderate treadmill speed of 0.4 m/s (de Leon et al., 1998).


## Contribution of Afferent Feedback to Adaptive Hindlimb Walking in Cats: A Neuromusculoskeletal Modeling Study

CPGs can operate without afferent feedback and continuous electrical stimulation of the midbrain locomotor region in immobilized decerebrate cats produces “fictive locomotion” consisting of rhythmic alternating activation of flexor and extensor Mns similar to that occurring during normal locomotion in intact animals (Rossignol, 1996).

## The role of V3 neurons in speeddependent interlimb coordination during locomotion in mice

## No ascending projections taken in account diagonal or homolateral


## No cervical circuits taken in account

## Ipsilateral and Contralateral Interactions in Spinal Locomotor Circuits Mediated by V1 Neurons: Insights from Computational Modeling

